one thing about the about the Navy, is it? I believe it represents a demographic.
It's a representative demographic of our society, so you'll
usually see sexual harassment in the enlisted ranks when you see
it, Um, see what she will. I think education has a lot to play in.
Education. Perspective has a lot of playing how we interact with in
our genders. Um, and I think that ends up. That's one reason why you
Seymour sexual harassment, the enlisted ranks than the junior officer
or your officer ranks. Asshole. That obviously doesn't mean that
sexual harassment is absent in the officer ranks. It is definitely there.
I just think it's less so than in the and the enlisted ranks.